= crank - a website & portfolio layout tool
Do you want to put some stuff up on a website and make it look pretty without
having to learn a bunch of that css / html nerd speak?! Then crank is for you!

With crank, you simply need to upload files to the pages directory and log in
to the admin page. From there, you can drag and resize images from within the
browser.

== Demo
See a page created with crank here:
http://crank.kelso.id.au

And edit the page here:
http://crank.kelso.id.au/admin

Username: admin

Password: people

== Extensibility
Currently, crank can display images, pdfs, textboxes and flash files; however,
it is simple to extend crank to display any type of file, in any manner you
want. Simply register a filetype wth the Element class, and then define the
html for displaying those file types. Examples are available in the models
directory.

== Dependencies
crank is still early stage and hasn't had a lot of installs on different 
environments. Please let me know of any issues and I can put runtime checks in
for any problems.
  
Crank requires the following software to run:
- unix based OS (could probably be ported to windows with a bit of effort)
- ruby
- imagemagick
- sinatra
- datamapper
- a database (sqlite works fine, postgres and mysql probably work too, but are untested)

== License
This code is licensed under the ISC license which lets you do pretty much
whatever you want with it. Please see LICENSE.txt for the full text.

Copyright (c) 2009 David Kelso - david at kelso dot id dot au
